To create a website for StoryWorld place in London, I suggest using the following four-page structure:

    Home Page
    The home page should have an appealing appearance, and draw the attention of parents who are looking for an exciting place for their children to explore. It could have a large banner image of children playing in one of the StoryWorld rooms, with a tagline such as "Explore the Magic of StoryWorld". There could also be a brief introduction to StoryWorld, explaining the concept of recreated story environments, and highlighting some of the interactive activities available.

    Story Rooms Page
    This page will provide information about the various story rooms that children can explore in StoryWorld. Each story room should have its own section, with a large image of the room and a brief description of the story environment that it recreates. There could also be information about any interactive activities that are available in each room, such as puzzles, games, or crafts.

    Story Gardens Page
    Similar to the Story Rooms page, the Story Gardens page should provide information about the various story-themed gardens that children can explore in StoryWorld. Each garden should have its own section, with a large image and a description of the story that it represents. There could also be information about any interactive activities available in the gardens, such as treasure hunts or outdoor games.

    Contact Page
    The contact page should allow visitors to get in touch with the organisers of StoryWorld. It could have a simple contact form that visitors can fill out with their name, email address, and message. There could also be contact information such as a phone number or email address for the StoryWorld organisers, as well as a map showing the location of StoryWorld in London.

In addition to the four pages outlined above, there could be additional pages such as an About Us page that provides more information about the council that owns StoryWorld and its mission to promote imagination and creativity in children. There could also be a page dedicated to upcoming events or special activities, such as holiday-themed


References
https://london.ca/storybookgardens/rides-attractions
https://www.wdwforgrownups.com/articles/disneys-story-rooms-are-they-right-you
https://www.huntervalleygardens.com.au/attractions/gardens/book-garden/
https://www.escapeauthority.com/review-escape-storyworld/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rjD8BS-qZg